hello and welcome to the Tbk fundraise
festival at the Glen I'm part time
commentator part-time Taylor lukehoward
Fitzhugh the pace car is just about to
pull away now and we should get started
in a matter of few seconds oh it looks
like as if a few of the drivers have
initiated the pre-race buttsex ritual
often considered a good-luck charm by
many races so hopefully we should be
seeing some good rip and Marcel towel
has a fabs playing silly buggers on the
curb and accelerating away from the
field
I don't know what that was about it
looks like Norma Tony rep Assad has gone
through the pace cut
Wow and three wide at the back there oh
never mind now ok the pace car has
pulled into the pits we should be going
green yes go go go go repechage
gets a crap start fabs gets a good start
look at Chapman charging through the
field and Brendan Kaz Merrik on the
inside toto follows him no rep Assad and
they go down into the first corner
Brendan kasparek leads and OH was that
who was that
I've known anyway Brendan Kaz merit got
taken out in turn one out of first place
and Dave Chapman almost hits Tony
Reposado
Chapman gets passed by two cars and Zee
Germans are having but six in the esses
oh that's an extremely dangerous thing
to do I could get aids or something
don't they know that with although a gay
pride parades anyway into the chicane
and Freeman and Reposado
charging of the car and all Freeman
Freeman's crashed Freeman and Tao Zi
German serenigy cadaval and Tony
Reposado meanwhile has taken the lead
from fab Garrick in the outer loop and
they're dicing the position out of the
loop toto
dev sorry rep Assad is still leading
Dave Chapman is in second place followed
by Brendan cosmic represents Garrick go
into the second-to-last corner and see
Eric's running wide he's in the gravel
he's in the gravel is this a deja vu or
is this a deja vu for poor Phelps Gary
going
in the second-to-last corner now day
near episode he's got at least five car
lengths on dave chapman and surely yes
he will win in grand style crossing that
oh no we've lost contact with his camera
what's going on FEPs Garrick oh no I'm
Brendon Kaz Marek what a sickening
series of snap riding sidewalls
oh no fems Garrick he's he's crashed
over the wall somehow Oh No
stationary cars everywhere here comes
Freeman oh he didn't hit anyone thank
goodness for that
I just hope those drivers are at hold on
I've got message Amir we have four
fatalities Oh No